[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's go back to our discussion.
Again, we're going to keep
in this pattern of looking
at the declarative form
versus the imperative form.
First, we'll look at an imperative
form and then a declarative form.
The next feature we want to turn our
attention to is, I think without question
the most complex and
by complex I mean lots of steps to learn.
Of all the of all the JavaScript
features out there and
certainly of all the ES6 features, okay.
And, I'm fully aware that when I present
something to you that has a high,
Level of learning, that the first 30
minutes that I'm talking about this topic.
It's gonna be a little bit confusing and
that is totally okay so
don't feel like you're somehow behind or
whatever if this is weird or confusing.
It took me months to get comfortable
with this stuff, okay And I'm also
fully aware that if I tell you something
that takes an awful lot of learning.
That might seem to kind of betray the
whole purpose of what we were trying to
get here.
Which was to try to make it easy for
people to not have to learn a whole
bunch of stuff to understand our code.
So, that's another nuance, if you will,
that I want to make sure we're clear on.
Don't ever hear me to say I don't want
somebody to learn something right.
That is the antithesis of my
message you're here today and
you're in this workshop you're
watching this workshop because
I hope that you have the same spirit as
I do which is my challenge is for you
to learn deeper to go deeper uncommonly so
more than most of your peers do.
So, I want that and
I wanna promote that, so
don't ever hear me to say, I don't
want you to have to learn something,
that's not the point of creating readable,
understandable familiar code.
But, there is a difference
between learning something,
that pays off only for that line of code
and learning something that pays off.
For every line of code like
it throughout your code base.
And that's the difference
I wanna draw here.
There are all kinds of tricks.
As a matter of fact, I've thought in
the past about maybe writing a book.
And maybe someday I will just for
the fun of it.
Maybe writing a book about
all the crazy esoteric tricks
that JavaScript programmers can pull.
Because, there's all kinds of tricks
that we can play in our code.
It's a very sophisticated language when
you start really poking at all the edge
cases and there's a lot of
cool stuff that we can do.
And that's fun, right?
I'll be the first to admit, it's fun when
you can pull some kind of trick out of
a hat and look how this thing
just fits together with that and
they just work right, or whatever.
One example just to give you an example.
I love the fact that function.prototype
is itself an empty no up function.
So, instead of somewhere in my code
writing over and over and over again that
or the arrow equivalent of it I like that
little trick that I can just use function
prototype in those places Because I
know it's just a plain old simple empty
no up function and in places where I
want that that's a nice useful thing.
So there's, that's just one example of 100
right just little tricks that we should,
that we can know about
the JavaScript language.
But the fact of the matter is that these
tricks can be divided into This spectrum
where there are some tricks on this side
of the spectrum that if you learn them,
they're really only going to
pay off in that one spot.
Put a lot of effort into understanding
how this one statement work.
But, you're never going to see that ever
again throughout the entire code base.
Okay, so I put a lot of learning in and
I got one line of code red.
But, there are other tricks,
there are other techniques,
there are other patterns that we can use
as developers that pay off in folds, they
pay all bigger than themselves and in more
places in your code than in just one spot.
So, wherever possible, What I want you to
do is focus your attention on using and
learning the things that pay off in a
bigger sense as opposed to look how clever
I can be on just this one little line
of code look I can use the double tilde
operator in this really weird way and I've
saved myself a couple of characters But
there'll never be another case in my
entire career where I see double till day
so my time spent to learn that,
doesn't pay off very much.
Does that makes sense,
are you following me?
This is the balance,
there's a balancing act to play, yes.
>> Speaker 2: Question from the chat room.
What are your thoughts on typescript?
Similar to babble, different?
>> Kyle Simpson: Well, similar to babble
in the sense that they both end up
processing your code and producing a
different version of your code that runs.
Different that type scripts job is to take
features that aren't part of the spec.
And make them work in
a spec compliant browser.
Where as bubbles job is to take stuff
that's either part of the spec or
hopefully maybe gonna be part of the spec
and make it work in the browser.
So, there's a difference there.
In general,
I mean I often gets asked this.
I often get asked what you
think about TypeScript?
I also used to get asked what
you think about CoffeeScript?
And my answer is kind of the same for
both of them which is I don't use them but
I don't have any problem with them
as a matter of fact I think it's a good
thing that Coffee Script existed.
Many of the great things that we're seeing
in year six are here in large part,
large part because CoffeeScript
first pioneered whether or
not it could even work in
the JavaScript ecosystem.
I think that the good parts of
CoffeeScript made it into ES6 for
the most part, right.
So, I think it's a great thing
that CoffeeScript existed.
I wouldn't ever write a line
of CoffeeScript again
I'm pretty sure coffee script is
like DOA at this point, right.
Like it's a dead horse.
So, I wouldn't ever recommend somebody
write coffee script today but
I'm glad it existed and I think we need
more of those, I think we need 1,000 more
experiments into language designs that we
can practice with this stuff before we get
it stuck in, set in stone in our
language and we can never change it.
Because that's one thing as
soon as we make a mistake.
We're stuck with it forever.
So, I think it's a great thing that
we have explorations of that and
I think typescript is in that
same vein it's an exploration
into a what could classes look like
before classes were standardized.
That's one reason people use typescript.
Because they were the first ones to kind
of pioneer what we now know as the ES6
class syntax.
I'm not a fan of that syntax, but if you
are a fan of that syntax typescript is
a great place to have been working
with that for quite a long time.
And the other thing of course
is the typescript is designed to
add the type annotations thing in so
you have a compiler enforced set of
Behavior around what
your types ought to be.
Types have never been the source
of bugs in my program so
typescript isn't the tool that I reach for
because I don't have that problem.
But there are certain places where
that problem is absolutely valid and
if you're writing for example all day
long if you're switching back and
forth between JavaScript and .NET.
You probably ought to be using typescript
because it just makes a lot more sense
To keep in the same mental context.
It's not my world but I think it's
a good thing that that exists for
those sorts of use cases so
hopefully that answers, the opinion.
Okay.
So, let's now turn our attention
to this destructuring thing and
stick with me cuz it will be
a little bit confusing but I believe
That if you give this the weeks of time
and practice if you look for opportunities
to use these techniques I think it will
pay off beyond just those lines of code.